welcome to the mana recaps this is the
bachelor episode six
yes it's double bachelor week this was a
bonus episode on Wednesday and Peter and
the girls are flying to Santiago Chile
there's really not many girls left and
it's kind of weird that some of them
haven't had one-on-one dates yet so for
the first one of the episode Peter picks
longtime frontrunner Hannah Ann sure
yeah great oh good for her
it's kind of funny how these walk around
the city dates are all the same there's
always some live music they can dance to
and some weird food they can eat there's
also always a wise old married couple
they can talk to about the true meaning
of love I love this woman though points
out Hannah Ann looks kind of young for
you it seems to resonate with Peter cuz
he asks if she's ever been in love
before and she's like no I'm like 22
Peter's looking for his lifelong love
he's concerned that Hannah Ann's first
love is just you know she's not ready so
he dramatically walks away and mopes in
the courtyard but Hannah and chases
after him and is like no I you know
really like you and she has shown
herself to be more emotionally mature
and stable than many of the other girls
in the house so many people stay like in
the shallow waters of life maybe a 22
year old model is exactly the perfect
girl for Peter back at the hotel the
other girls get the next day's group
date card and no one wants to be on it
because that means they get the
one-on-one McKenna and Tammy and Natasha
have all not had one-on-ones yet so this
would be the perfect time to pick
Victoria F again and oh no oh no my girl
McKenna is having a breakdown she
rightfully feels like Peter doesn't
notice her and is like why am i
bothering with this maybe I'll just go
home she sticks it out for the group
date though which is going to film their
own telenovela the girls all get
assigned a different role and play in
the Spanish soap opera of el amor de
Pedra
favorite moments are Tammy has the crazy
ex with the knife which seems to suit
her too well and Kelly as the grandma
who's putting the moves on him but the
funniest parallel to real life is
McKenna as the maid in the background of
every shot while Peters making out with
these other girls he doesn't notice her
but at the end pedro realizes that
d'amour has been in front of him this
whole time and he ends up with McKenna
so it's been an overall fun day and
everyone's excited for a night with no
drama finally yeah that's not gonna
happen
Victoria people's Peter aside like hey
it's been a while since our one-on-one
date where we had a really good
connection
still good right but Peters like you
know what lots happened since then I
actually don't think you're the one for
me
Oh Peter had not even waiting for the
rose ceremony being upfront with her
right now oh and she's like screw you
I'm out of here then Madison pulls Peter
aside like hey our one-on-one date was
way back in episode one are we still
good and he's like oh no we are still
good in fact I mean you're clearly gonna
win while these two are outside having
their romantic moment the girls are
inside behaving themselves just kidding
Tammy and McKenna get into a huge fight
I love how they're sitting on opposite
ends of the couch and the other girls
are stuck between them honestly I can't
recap it for you because I have no idea
what they're fighting about the next day
is the date with Victoria F they're
going horseback riding with chili and
George W Bush it's a real fun time kiss
in front of the crowd yadda yadda in the
credits scene Peter eats like three
pounds of meat looks like the funnest
part of the date but Victoria's feeling
kind of weird she's having a hard time
really opening herself up to this yeah
it's tough to fall in love with someone
when they're actively dating all your
roommates she pulls her standard
maneuver and gets up from dinner to hide
in the corner but soon she comes back
like no I'm good I do really like you
Peter and he's like good cuz your body
is insane I'm not letting you go till
after fantasy suites the next day before
the cocktail party there's a surprise
date card with two names on it Tammy and
McKenna Peter's got a bold new strategy
to cut out drama in the house whenever
two girls are fighting one of them's
going home
Tammy basically says McKenna is a
spoiled little brat who's just here for
the Instagram followers and McKenna says
no that's not true and he sides with
McKenna who does come across as the good
one in this interaction but even with
Victoria P and Tammy leavin pre rose
ceremony two more girls are still going
home tonight at this point I actually
know all of the girls left so whoever
goes home will be kind of a big deal one
girl who hasn't made it into the recaps
yet is Natasha she has not really been
featured much she hasn't had a
one-on-one date and has stayed well
clear of all the drama she generally
seems to be a nice smart normal girl and
Peter decides to keep her which means
the final three in danger are McKenna
who he's just decided to keep over Tammy
Plus Kelly and Sydney who both just had
great one-on-ones last episode McKenna
does go home here she never had that
one-on-one date opportunity to really
connect with Peter strongly she's
leaving though with her dignity mostly
intact
based on how much they love featuring
her how good she's on camera I wouldn't
be surprised if we see more of her
so between Sydney and Kent Lee who's he
gonna keep he keeps Kelly Sydney he's
doing you dirty you just made out in a
hot tub for half an hour last episode
but I guess that got it out of his
system he's sort of like yeah I don't
see it going further than that
next week they continue their journey
through South America with Lima Peru
some big moments are teased Victoria F
crying Hana and breaking down and crying
Plus this anonymous production assistant
taken out someone's suitcase looks like
someone's going home unexpectedly what
craziness is going down find out next
week on The Bachelor if you like this
recap hit that subscribe button I'm
bringing you the best recaps of TV and
movies so don't miss out
[Music]